Other 
Currently, China is the leader in terms of electric vehicles (EV) production, followed closely by United States, Japan, Germany, South Korea, India, Mexico, Canada, Spain, Italy, Sweden, Belgium and Poland. 

As of now, China ranks first in the world as regards electric vehicles manufactured by OEMs.
The United States comes second in the race, having several major auto manufacturers investing heavily into their own electrified fleets.
Japanese brands such as Nissan and Toyota also play important roles when it comes to EV volume.
Similarly, German automakers like Volkswagen and Daimler boast strong positions with a wide range of EV offerings.
Meanwhile, South Korea, home to Hyundai and Kia Motors, holds its ground as well.
More recently, Indian players like Tata and Mahindra have started stepping onto the global stage.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), signed between U.S., Mexico & Canada, plays host to another hub of EV production.
Both Europeans and non-Europeans take advantage of established and growing EV markets thanks to generous policy backing from EU member states.
Automobile Manufacturing Industry Clusters spread throughout Japan, South Korea, Taiwan & China benefit these nations significantly when it comes down to building battery-powered vehicles.
Although still lagging behind other regions, some Latin American countries do see decent amounts of EV components being assembled domestically, mostly for domestic use.
Global Head of Talent Acquisition and Retention
Vice President of Data Science and Analytics
Executive Director of Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility
Senior Director of Government Affairs
Managing Director of Mergers and Acquisitions
Leadership Development Program Manager
Brand Ambassador for North America
Executive Assistant to CEO
Creative Director - Video Production
IT Security Architect
Chief Digital Officer (CDO)
Director of Operational Excellence (OpEx)
VP of Innovation & Emerging Technologies
SVP of Human Resources (HR)
Chief Legal Officer (CLO)
EVP of Marketing & Communications
VP of Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A)
Director of Supply Chain Management
Chief Risk Officer (CRO)
VP of Customer Success